Encapsulation:
--------------
Wrapping up data members and methods into a single entity class.

Here, data member(variable/fields/properties) are declared as private and accessiblity to the private variables is given through public methods.

Difference between Constructor and Methods:
-------------------------------------------
Constructors:
-------------
A constructor is used to initialize the instance variables of a class
A constructor name ans class name should be same
A constructor is called at the time of creating the object
A constructor is called only once per object
A constructor is called and executed automatically
Methods:
--------
A method is used for any general purpose processing or calculations
A method's name and class name can be same or different
A method can be called after creating the object
A method can be called several times on the object
A method is executed only when we call it

class Customer{

//constructor
Customer(){

}
//method
public void Customer(){

}
}

Methods:
--------
A method represents a group of statements that perform a task. Here 'task' represents a calculation or processing of data or generating a report.

Syntax:
-------
accessmodifier returntype methodname(param1,param2)
{
//code
}

static method:
--------------
Static methods are the methods which do not act upon the instance variables of a class. Static methods are declared as static.

To call a static method, we need not creat an object. We can call a static method directly by class name.

What is the difference between instance variables and class variables(static variables)?

1.An instance variable is a variable whose separate copy is available to each object. A class variable is a variable whose single copy in memory is shared by all object

2.Instance variables are created in the objects on heap memory. Class variables are stored on memory area.

3.Instance variables can be accessed by the object of the class. class variables can be accessed by the class name.

this keyword:
-------------
The is a keyword that refers to the object of the current class.

We can refer to the variables, constructors and methods in a class using this keyword.
















































